look at this few inches of snow and the
old ruddy jungle comes to a standstill
it's not even cold yesterday they said
it was too cold to snow
what does that even mean they must have
known it was coming
where are the gritters that's what i
want to know it comes every year
it's not a surprise is it you were
expecting it i wasn't expecting it
suppose our schools will be closed
tomorrow no
to get 45 weeks holiday a year isn't it
then in the summer drought
why don't they save up some of the snow
oh beggars belief
oh you rock back it in get out me garden
that ball comes over it again i put a
blowing claw through it
i know your dad cubs these days
look at her oh hey she's all neck and
legs look at her
oh i am looking at her stop looking at
her you you just told me to look at her
ow ow ow that's right we thought that
you deserved this she's not even your
type
you like big girls she's knighted in our
foot
exactly are you missing now you're
making yourself look stupid
you're embarrassing me ow
just stop it just stop looking at her oh
that's me back on
get out of here
[Music]
foreign